all right we got another first person
Jess who could it be
I don't know maybe that guy
[Laughter]
oh you're good so this one right here
every time
push down dog no sketchy lines
for days I'll try cleaning that one up a
bit
clean it up bro the whole thing
the flag round trick got it let's get
this feebs
totally didn't fall out of that back up
in touch and I stuck in the heels
frickin feeble and then I'll know that
that's a lot that's how I figure it out
later
yep then we'll do a kickflip oh and then
back
all right I'm gonna do it lens grip I'll
do fronts Nathan if it lands graphic
I'll do front nose really hoping it be
front nose but now do four nose grind
that's life
blew it how much try doing the wine I
did on d4 it's channel it was like I'll
figure it out Oh around knows Daniel
holy crap Wow
good save Casey thanks Casey free mulch
so where we move the mulch try that one
again
take two
I didn't touch didn't touch scrape your
nose a little
hey you wax that up ha
hey we're not done gonna do kickflip
back 50 now
[Music]
all right so on
so I and now we're just gonna cape
leveque 50 i like no spaces set up for
this but whatever cake will fizzy I just
do crooked dry a little bit sketchy my
bad my bad
shut up voice let that Kirby real kinda
lean in I've been waiting so far in for
that I couldn't even see my boy ah gosh
man that curve at the whole thing's a
curve not at the end the whole curve
saved it taking it because I think sucks
thank you for that
Oh lovely and I blow the noise
well now that I'm soaked in water um
should be cooled off now so fill such
round Newsline I'll be done after this
though you got it Cantona like football
flat today apparently
I don't know what I'm doing after the
nollie flip maybe I'll just do nose
Mandy sure after the nozzle they'll be
done so front smith knife look there's
mini chef and if I win that trust some
other trigger flybar but the line
officially ends up the others manager
God think shake
[Music]